guess who's out of video ideas again and
returning to the stupid game series also
the reason the green screen's out is
because the sun is so bright right now
that you could literally see nothing on
the camera be grass what is even the
point of this is this a RNG game what do
you mean one in three use the portal to
play again oh I eat little flowers and I
grow oh is that theing sun what did I
just eat and run to collect your loot my
loot what did I get wow dead tree lovely
why is there no audio oh right I was
gooning and I turned it down is this
literally the whole game you just eat
that that's it funny Island might think
what is this this has zero players why
are you playing this my friends played
this game and my huz added it to her
favorites so it it must be good right
what is this why is the old Roblox are
you here and why is there
grandma
what all right why is it so loud what
the [__] oh my I'm being molested help
what is this banana cat B whoa big bomb
die the bomb won't even throw oh [__]
360 no scope what is going on let me fly
away what's going on here why are they
dying and speaking oh my God the grandma
what the how much ammo do I have cuz
this is this is just making me a God now
I'm just casually sitting decapitated
shooting them wao wao whoo hello
neighbor act three oh my God Sans mm2
what are these murder mystery remakes
it's literally just murder mystery too
but like different knives I don't I
don't get it oh my God the amount
ofing Jesus three coins bye bye bye spin
by the become a murder 10% murder chance
just bombarded with game passes what if
I buy something like this do I actually
get it admin oh my God oh my God glame
oh you actually do get it zero coins so
that's the difference with these games
you're just like oh yeah you can just
free gamble that's why people love these
please please please please
please hell yeah look at me do my dance
I'm an American Eagle hey yeah all right
let's do some gambling that's the fun
part of this game legendary box zero
coins oh my God Fusion 50 coins for
banana bundle hell yeah look I have a
banana gun all right Lads let's lock in
bre what do you think you're watch this
he the sheriff he's not all right let's
oh W Sheriff you're dead Buckaroo you're
dead whoa ooh he's not shooting he's
smart what the hell are you here for
stop please
please stop
please what the why are you no clipping
in this game dude can I just buy xray in
the middle of the round real quick
Powers oh they left oh my why is this
high quality who wait maybe this doesn't
deserve to be in this video oh my God
this is literally just hello neighbor
what the this is literally just hello
neighbor all right Lads watch this I'm
about to pull a masterful prank break
oh my
God that did not work whatsoever he saw
me why is this open this is not open in
the real game I'm going to throw this at
You Hell
yeah all right just catch me m invite
friends yeah they really want to play
this why is It sped up ah run it think
of it didn't think of it out of my ear
now it hurts why is he just chilling
here why is he running in 10 yes oh [__]
oh my God it's juice World 2019 what did
he say no let's think of it dude what am
I playing I feel my brain just
frying lunch Le
38,000 seconds this person has been here
for 10 hours don't call at 3:00 a.m. oh
no oh it's one of these games like those
stupid mobile games [__] off I don't
want to invite me friends I do I have to
I don't have a choice oh there we go
piggy hi are you real piggy no real pig
real
Piggy look behind
you let me call ban bound let me call my
homeboy real
quick weirdest game on Roblox well isn't
that perfect for this video I'm pushing
ball around what if I push it in the
water lemon it's a big lemon you're cool
wait I'm I'm sorry get back in the water
look it turns to pee do you know
B yeah yeah you play a zombie there how
about a [__] can't be that easy mate
there's got to be some tricko bamboozler
around here right mate oh that's
actually just it let's go cool guy he's
so cool oh my God same m magb is the
best YouTuber magb is the best
YouTuber hi subscribe to who is magb
let's check out magb need more huz well
that's a good game for this video choose
my partner I want to date a hot
beautiful man oh my God he's so hot
Happy Valentine's Day Happy Valentine's
Day so um where's my Valentine's gift uh
um look it's a micro
microsaurus micropac saosao collect
flowers for your
[Music]
boyfriend all right uh where's the micro
past I already forgot how to pronounce
all right uh give give 160 flowers hell
yeah wow have to get chocolate raise
money to afford a chocolate run a
lemonade stand oh uh upgrade oh oh oh
hell yeah here's your chocolate fiddling
with the flower give I got one chocolate
and6
flowers
dissatisfied yay M be stuck in a jail
cell simulator and that's it that is not
it I played this game earlier and I have
admin speed me 69 I want to be a quick
boy Dino
beorin just turns into a dinosaur oh my
God is that tubers 93 I'm so scared
right now dino
Isabella do dinos eat birds no what are
you guys up to what's going on in here
fling
Krick oh there there you go paint one V
la la la green she's neon you want to
play tic tac toe all right let's do it
come on neon girl just you try being
smart all right what's the play here
guys this
right she's an idiot I win now I'm going
to fling you fling One V kalala die what
the is going on in here what why was he
on the electric chair what else can I do
to him Dino ant
TP me Pro what the where are you Dino
Pro spin Pro hell
yeah fire Pro he on fire someone help
all right is there anyone what are you
doing there IDK shotgun fling IDK get
out of
here why are they just beating their
[__] out of this cop all right I think
that's enough
uh stupid stupid games what do you think
you're doing buddy that's it that's it
that's it Revenge Revenge Revenge I'm
killing you nuking all costs almost the
same amount as killing one guy everyone
ising dying hope you have uh fun man
that's what you deserve that's what you
get that's right you I actually made him
Rage Quit